<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/frags/_doc_template.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:panelGrid style="padding: 40px 40px 20px 40px; font-size: 13px; line-height: 24px; width: 100%">

            <h2>MetaboAnalyst Roadmap:</h2>
            <table class="myTable">
                <tr>
                    <th width="100">Version</th>
                     <th width="200">Key Feature</th>
                     <th>Details</th>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>1.0</td>
                    <td>Statistics</td>
                    <td>
                        Focused on data processing, normalization and statistical analysis of metabolomics data;
                     </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>2.0</td> 
                    <td>Functions</td> 
                    <td>
                    Incorporated metabolite set enrichment analysis (MSEA) and metabolic pathway analysis, 
                    as well as advanced two-factor and time-series analyses. 
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>3.0</td> 
                    <td>Performance</td> 
                    <td>
                        Completed updated the underlying web framework for improved performance, with 
                        support for biomarker analysis, power analysis, and joint-pathway analysis.
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>4.0</td> 
                    <td>Integration</td> 
                    <td>
                    Completely revamped web interface, with three new modules (MS Peaks to Pathways, 
                    Biomarker Meta-analysis, and Network Explorer), together with a companion R package (MetaboAnalystR)
                    </td>
                </tr>
            </table>
            <p>
                MetaboAnalyst is currently updated and maintained by 
                <a href="http://xialab.ca" target="_blank">Xia Lab</a> at McGill Univeristy.
            </p>  
            <h2>Implementation:</h2>
            <p>
                MetaboAnalyst was implemented using PrimeFaces library (v6.1) based on the JavaServer Faces Technology. The majority 
                of the backend computations and visualization are carried out by over 600 functions written in R (v3.4.3). 
                The communication between Java and R is established through TCP/IP using the Rserve program. 
            </p>
            <h2>Software License:</h2>
            <pre>
"This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the 
GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of 
the License, or (at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without 
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
<a href="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/" target="_blank">GNU General Public License</a> for more details."
            </pre>
            <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
        </h:panelGrid>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
