<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/frags/_doc_template.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:panelGrid style="padding: 40px 40px 20px 40px; font-size: 13px; line-height: 25px; width: 100%">
            <h2>Please read the tips/instructions below:</h2>
            <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <b>Have you read the <b>FAQs</b>, <b>Data Format</b> and <b>Tutorials</b>?</b> <br/>
                        These resources provides detailed explanations for common questions received from users. 
                        Please first go through these resources as listed on the left bar. 
                    </li>  
                    <li>
                        <b>Have you tried our example data to see if the issue still exists?</b><br/>
                        Most of the time, the issue is related to improper data format. Although we try to give informative 
                        error messages during data uploading, there are always exceptions. Here are three tips: 
                        <ol>
                            <li>
                                Open your file  in a <b>text editor</b> (not a spreadsheet program) to see the details - are these values comma separated (.csv) or tab separated (.txt)?
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                You may need to search "How to save my file as a .csv format" to get more detailed instructions; 
                            </li>
                            <li>
                                We offered a wide variety of example datasets, please choose the one that matches your data type to see if the issue still appears. Download and open 
                                the data in a text editor for details.  
                            </li>
                        </ol>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <b>Did you provide enough details so that the issue can be reproduced?</b><br/>
                        Remote troubleshooting requires more information in order to figure out the exact cause of the issue. 
                        Please indicate which example data you used or provide a copy of your data, as well, please document every step 
                        you have performed that will lead to the issue. Sometimes screenshots may be necessary. 
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <b>Support for local installation</b><br/>
                        The installation of MetaboAnalyst on Mac or Linux server is very straightforward following our <a href="/MetaboAnalyst/faces/docs/Resources.xhtml" target="_blank">instructions</a>. 
                        However, we do not provide support for Window's server installation. In such a scenario, we recommend you 
                        install a Linux Virtual Machine (VM) on your windows OS and give the VM at least 4G RAM, then you can install 
                        MetaboAnalyst on the VM.                     
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <b>Support for new features</b><br/>
                        Bugs are usually dealt with immediately (or within 48 hours) once we have received and validated the bug report. New features 
                        will be evaluated based on the overall feedback from other users. Top ranked features will be added as minor release 
                        (3-month or 6-month period) depending on the available resources. 
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <div style="background-color: yellow; padding: 5px 10px 5px 10px">
                    If you still need help, please send your email with the required information to: <font style='color: #011CA2'><b>jasmine.chong [at] mail.mcgill.ca</b></font> or <font style='color: #011CA2'><b>jeff.xia [at] mcgill.ca</b></font>.
                    Make sure your question is <u>specific to MetaboAnalyst</u>. Asking for statistical consultations or very general questions (i.e. how to analyze your data) will be ignored, 
                    due to limited time availablity.
                </div>
            </p>  
        </h:panelGrid>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
